Added example jupyter notebook into the examples folders (#1029)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation.rst

are done installing the dependencies, come back to this page to install manim
itself.

> .. tip::
>     In case that you want to try manim online without installation, open it in `Binder <https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ManimCommunity/jupyter_examples/HEAD?filepath=basic_example_scenes.ipynb>`_
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::

    In case that you want to try manim online without installation, open it in `Binder <https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ManimCommunity/jupyter_examples/HEAD?filepath=basic_example_scenes.ipynb>`_.

```

>     In case that you want to try manim online without installation, open it in `Binder <https://mybinder.org/v2/gist/behackl/725d956ec80969226b7bf9b4aef40b78/HEAD?filepath=basic%20example%20scenes.ipynb>`_

Author: @behackl : currently the binder is in your public gist.
I think that is totally fine, however, it is also possible to launch notebooks from github repos, so why not do a new repo in the organization for that?
Also, I already created a link for a notebook to binder in the twitter repo: 
https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim-tweets
So maybe we can use this repo for example notebooks.

Reviewer: I think preparing a repository such that binder links can be used from there is a good idea.

Author: new place is now here:
https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ManimCommunity/jupyter_examples/HEAD?filepath=basic_example_scenes.ipynb

>     In case that you want to try manim online without installation, open it in `Binder <https://mybinder.org/v2/gist/behackl/725d956ec80969226b7bf9b4aef40b78/HEAD?filepath=basic%20example%20scenes.ipynb>`_

Author: ```suggestion
    In case that you want to try manim online without installation, open it in `Binder <https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ManimCommunity/jupyter_examples/HEAD?filepath=basic_example_scenes.ipynb>`_
```
